The early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
Your road to glory will be rocky, but fulfilling.
Nothing is impossible to a willing heart.
Don’t worry about money. The best things in life are free.
Don’t pursue happiness – create it.
Courage is not the absence of fear; it is the conquest of it.
Nothing is so much to be feared as fear.
All things are difficult before they are easy.
The real kindness comes from within you.
A ship in harbor is safe, but that’s not why ships are built.
If you want the rainbow, you have to tolerate the rain.
Fear is interest paid on a debt you may not owe.
Hardly anyone knows how much is gained by ignoring the future.
The wise man is the one that makes you think that he is dumb.
The usefulness of a cup is in its emptiness.
He who throws mud loses ground.
Success lies in the hands of those who wants it.
To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, be nothing.
One that would have the fruit must climb the tree.
Big journeys begin with a single step.
Of all our human resources, the most precious is the desire to improve.
Do the thing you fear and the death of fear is certain.
You never show your vulnerability, you are always self assured and confident.
People learn little from success, but much from failure.
Be not afraid of growing slowly, be afraid only of standing still.
We must always have old memories and young hopes.
A person who won’t read has no advantage over a person who can’t read.
He who expects no gratitude shall never be disappointed.
I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand.
The best way to get rid of an enemy is to make a friend.
Never forget that a half truth is a whole lie.
Happiness isn’t an outside job, it’s an inside job.
If you do no run your subconscious mind yourself, someone else will.
Yes by calling full, you created emptiness.
The fortune you seek is in another cookie.
A closed mouth gathers no feet.
A conclusion is simply the place where you got tired of thinking.
A cynic is only a frustrated optimist.
A foolish man listens to his heart. A wise man listens to cookies.
You will die alone and poorly dressed.
If you look back, you'll soon be going that way.
You will live long enough to open many fortune cookies.
An alien of some sort will be appearing to you shortly.
Do not mistake temptation for opportunity.
Flattery will go far tonight.
He who laughs at himself never runs out of things to laugh at.
He who laughs last is laughing at you.
He who throws dirt is losing ground.
Some men dream of fortunes, others dream of cookies.
The greatest danger could be your stupidity.
We don't know the future, but here's a cookie.
You will be thirsty again in one hour.
The road to riches is paved with homework.
You can always find happiness at work on Friday.
Actions speak louder than fortune cookies.
Don't behave with cold manners.
Don't forget you are always on our minds.
Fortune not found? Abort, Retry, Ignore.
Help! I am being held prisoner in a fortune cookie factory.
It's about time I got out of that cookie.
Never forget a friend. Especially if he owes you.
Never wear your best pants when you go to fight for freedom.
It is a good day to have a good day.
All fortunes are wrong except this one.
Someone will invite you to a Karaoke party.
There is no mistake so great as that of being always right.
I am worth a fortune.
No snowflake feels responsible in an avalanche.
You will receive a fortune cookie.
Some fortune cookies contain no fortune.
Don't let statistics do a number on you.
You are not illiterate.
May you someday be carbon neutral.
Avoid taking unnecessary gambles. Lucky numbers: 12, 15, 23, 28, 37
Ask your mom instead of a cookie.
This cookie contains 117 calories.
Hard work pays off in the future. Laziness pays off now.
You think it's a secret, but they know.
If a turtle doesn't have a shell, is it naked or homeless?
Change is inevitable, except for vending machines.
Love For All, Hatred For None. – Khalifatul Masih III
Change the world by being yourself. – Amy Poehler
Every moment is a fresh beginning. – T.S Eliot
Never regret anything that made you smile. – Mark Twain
Die with memories, not dreams. – Unknown
Aspire to inspire before we expire. – Unknown
Everything you can imagine is real. – Pablo Picasso
Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication. – Leonardo da Vinci
Whatever you do, do it well. – Walt Disney
What we think, we become. – Buddha
All limitations are selfimposed. – Oliver Wendell Holmes
Tough times never last but tough people do. – Robert H. Schiuller
Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines. – Robert H. Schiuller
If you tell the truth you don’t have to remember anything. – Mark Twain
Have enough courage to start and enough heart to finish. – Yourko
Hate comes from intimidation, love comes from appreciation. – Tyga
I could agree with you but then we’d both be wrong. – Harvey Specter
Oh, the things you can find, if you don’t stay behind. – Dr. Seuss
Determine your priorities and focus on them. – Eileen McDargh
Be so good they can’t ignore you. – Steve Martin
Dream as if you’ll live forever, live as if you’ll die today. – James Dean
Yesterday you said tomorrow. Just do it. – Nike
I don’t need it to be easy, I need it to be worth it. – Lil Wayne
Never let your emotions overpower your intelligence. – Drake
Nothing lasts forever but at least we got these memories. – J. Cole
Don’t you know your imperfections is a blessing? – Kendrick Lamar
Reality is wrong, dreams are for real. – Tupac
To live will be an awfully big adventure. – Peter Pan
Try to be a rainbow in someone’s cloud. – Maya Angelou
There is no substitute for hard work. – Thomas Edison
What consumes your mind controls your life Unknown
Strive for greatness. – Lebron James
Wanting to be someone else is a waste of who you are. – Kurt Cobain
And still, I rise. – Maya Angelou
The time is always right to do what is right. – Martin Luther King Jr.
Let the beauty of what you love be what you do. – Rumi
May your choices reflect your hopes, not your fears. – Nelson Mandela
A happy soul is the best shield for a cruel world. – Atticus
White is not always light and black is not always dark. – Habeeb Akande
Happiness depends upon ourselves. – Aristotle
Turn your wounds into wisdom. – Oprah Winfrey
Change the game, don’t let the game change you. – Macklemore
It hurt because it mattered. – John Green
If the world was blind how many people would you impress? – Boonaa Mohammed
I will remember and recover, not forgive and forget. – Unknown
The meaning of life is to give life meaning. – Ken Hudgins
When words fail, music speaks. – Shakespeare
Embrace the glorious mess that you are. – Elizabeth Gilbert
I have nothing to lose but something to gain. – Eminem
Magic 8 Ball: As I see it, yes.
Magic 8 Ball: Ask again later.
Magic 8 Ball: Better not tell you now.
Magic 8 Ball: Cannot predict now.
Magic 8 Ball: Concentrate and ask again.
Magic 8 Ball: Don't count on it.
Magic 8 Ball: It is certain.
Magic 8 Ball: It is decidedly so.
Ninety percent of this game is half mental.  Yogi Berra
Who is this Baby Ruth? And what does she do?  George Bernard Shaw
I watch a lot of baseball on radio.  Gerald Ford
The other teams could make trouble for us if they win.  Yogi Berra
Third ain't so bad if nothin' is hit to you.  Yogi Berra
There's no crying in baseball!  Tom Hanks in A League of Their Own
I never took the game home with me. I always left it in some bar.  Bob Lemon
We know we're better than this, but we can't prove it.  Tony Gwynn
It ain't like football. You can't make up no trick plays.  Yogi Berra
There ain't much to being a ballplayer, if you're a ballplayer.  Honus Wagner
Think! How the hell are you gonna think and hit at the same time?  Yogi Berra
A hot dog at the game beats roast beef at the Ritz.  Humphrey Bogart
Slump? I ain't in no slump. I just ain't hitting.  Yogi Berra
If you don't succeed at first, try pitching.  Jack Harshman
The Hall of Fame is for baseball people. Heaven is for good people.  Jim Dwyer
So I'm ugly. So what? I never saw anyone hit with his face.  Yogi Berra
The cars we drive say a lot about us. Alexandra Paul
Never have more children than you have car windows. Erma Bombeck
Cars bring me sheer joy.  Evan Spiegel
Always focus on the front windshield and not the review mirror. Colin Powell
Price is what you pay. Value is what you get. Unknown
Straight roads are for fast cars, turns are for fast drivers. Colin McRae
It’s not just a car. It’s someone else’s dream. Unknown
Never lend your car to anyone to whom you have given birth. Erma Bombeck
A car for every purse and purpose. Alfred P. Sloan
Watch out for the idiot behind me. Unknown
unny Car Sayings  “People go to car races to watch the crashes. Unknown
People go to car races to watch the crashes. Unknown
Racing is the best way to convert money into noise. Unknown
What’s behind you doesn’t matter. Enzo Ferrari
You can’t treat a car like a patient. A car needs love. Unknown
A racing car is an animal with a thousand adjustments.  Mario Andretti
If one day the speed kills me. Do not cry, because I was smiling. Unknown
Nothing is awesome then a classic car. Unknown
You can’t fix stupid. Unknown
We aren’t addicted to oil, but our cars are.  James Woolsey
You can’t find the right roads when the streets are paved. Unknown
Don’t run away from challenges, run over them. Unknown
Everything in life is somewhere else, and you get there in a car. E B White
Life is too short for traffic. Dan Bellack
A new car is not going to change your life. Monica Ali
ast cars are my only vice. Michael Bay
Fast cars are my only vice. Michael Bay
Cars’ is simply near and dear to my heart.  John Lasseter
Two wrongs don’t make a right, but three lefts do.  Jason Love
Hug your kids at home, but belt them in the car. Unknown
I love sleeping in a moving car more than sleeping in bed. Ben Stein
unny Car Sayings  “Don’t touch me! I am not that mind of car. Unknown
Don’t touch me! I am not that mind of car. Unknown
My car runs on gas not friendship. So pay up. Unknown
If you’re in control, you’re not going fast enough. Parnelli Jones
Why worry about death, it’ll come sooner or later. Jim Dunn
ar Sayings  Leave sooner, drive slower, and live longer. Unknown
Leave sooner, drive slower, and live longer. Unknown
I thought cars were essential ingredients of life itself. Edward Herrmann
To finish first, you must first finish. Juan Manuel Fangio
It’s a long road but it’s a worth it. Unknown
People don’t take trips...Trips take people. Unknown
People don’t take trips…Trips take people. Unknown
If everything comes your way, you are in the wrong lane. Unknown
A man used to riding in a car cannot understand a pedestrian. Unknown
Every parent knows that for a kid, the car is chloroform. Ray Romano
All of those cars were once just a dream in somebody’s head. Peter Gabriel
Some beautiful paths can’t be discovered without getting lost. Erol Ozan
I couldn’t repair your brakes, so I made your horn louder. Steven Wright
In life, you need a house and a car. After that, you have a choice. Unknown
